{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15280\viewh10880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Data Project Plan:
\b0\fs24 \
\
Type of chart to create: choropleth using d3js: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4060606"}}{\fldrslt https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4060606}}\
Data to display: all_data_M_2015 - remove general U.S. rows, choose columns that are interesting.\
Plan: \
\
1. Show values of each occupation attribute by state. One dropdown for occupation to switch through which occupation is being displayed, and one for attribute of that occupation.\
\
//Review options for display data in different ways. What makes sense? The map almost seems to literal and isn\'92t super interesting. Review D3 example gallery and think about other options.  The idea is to display the variation in job data by state or county. Most interesting is probably the number of those jobs that exist, pay for those jobs, \
\
2. Already removed U.S. level data, next Remove county level data. \
3. Coerce data into a hierarchical(ensure hierarchy is needed for this) format via one of many options.  First decide how hierarchy should look, them make it.\
4. Design page with a display that looks effing sexy. this is supposed to look great, not just work. \
5. MAKE IT: See next steps\
\
6. Find best way to display map:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	A.	}One file i saved from source code here, gives me exactly what I need, but I\'92d like to find the source: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bl.ocks.org/NPashaP/a74faf20b492ad377312"}}{\fldrslt http://bl.ocks.org/NPashaP/a74faf20b492ad377312}}\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Another option from interactive data vis for the web available src data: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alignedleft/d3-book/master/chapter_12/us-states.json"}}{\fldrslt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alignedleft/d3-book/master/chapter_12/us-states.json}}\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/alignedleft/d3-book"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/alignedleft/d3-book}}\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Reading here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345/ch12.html"}}{\fldrslt http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345/ch12.html}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	B.	}Other options: read more into GeoJSON/Command line cartography/TopoJSON (take your time - do it right and learn something new yo) to learn how to convert from the shape file of the census bureau and include necessary data (preferably state code, or state name if necessary).\
{\listtext	C.	}Mockup page ui quickly for functionality.\
{\listtext	D.	}Get data working as desired.\
{\listtext	E.	}Make the page look goooood.\
{\listtext	F.	}\'85Profit!?\
}